[MUSIC].
>> Hello, and welcome back.
In this video we'll be covering how to
join, and split strings.
So, to join a string together.
First of all, we need to create a
sequence, and a string.
So, with the string variable, I've just
got
what i'm going to be joining them together
with.
And, for the sequence, I've got a list of,
the
first six letters of the alphabet, which
is A to F.
Now you can have anything within this.
You can have numbers.
You can have, You could have, letters.
You could have symbols, anything.
And also you can use a [UNKNOWN] if you
want to instead.
It doesn't matter whether you use a
[UNKNOWN] or a list.
So what we have to do now is if we do
print, and
then we do string.join and within the join
we have to type in sequence.
And if we run this.
You'll see we get A, B, C, D, E and F all
separated by a dash or the hyphen which
it, which we specified here.
It's about to change this to two forward
slashes.
Then you'll get A slash slash B slash
slash C slash slash, and so on.
So as you can see the join has a
particular.
[SOUND] Has this particular set of
parameters which.
Is needed for it to work, and it's kind of
counterintuitive,
because it uses a sequence inside of it,
whereas normally you would expect
it to have the sequence and you'd join it
with whatever the string is.
So it's kind of slightly counterintuitive.
However, that is the parameter which is
required, which is.
The join, w, inside the join is the
sequence
of which; you want to join together with
this string.
So if you remember what the actual, if you
remember what the actual
parameter is, then it makes it easier to
p, easier to work with.
However like I said, it's
counterintuitive.
So if you do f, forget just keep going
back and check the video, and it will help
you.
Now after we got, join we also have split.
So I'm going to print that.
I'm going to comment all these three out.
And I'll create a new string and I'll have
that equal to a dash b dash
c dash c, ADF so that was the output that
we had the first time round.
And what we're going to do is we're just
going to do print.
[SOUND].
And then we do string.split.
And what we do in here, it takes one
parameter,
and we tell it what we want to separate it
by.
And so here it now is creating it into a
list.
And, as you can see, this list is exactly
the same
as what we had the first time around where
we were using
that as the sequence, so now we could have
this equal to sequence, so
sequence is equal to string.split with the
hyphen as.
The parameter.
And then, what we'd need to do from here,
if we remove that line, we can do a fo,
for letter in sequence.
And we can print each letter out
individually, and you'll see that
we get the first six letters of the
alphabet now as individual letters.
Or, alternatively we could also do letter,
no sorry sequence,
print sequence and
we could get index of the third letter,
which is gonna be C.
So there's, since it's been treated as a
list after it's been
split, we have multiple things that we can
actually do with this.
Which make it quite a useful,
a useful function to have if you do have.
Something which needs to be split up, then
you can actually operate on the individual
split items.
So thank you for watching, I'm Alex
Bowers for learntoprogram.tv and I'll see
you soon.
[MUSIC].